and he will also get the front that
we already have the front and the back
but to put everything together we have to go back
to push this here
we always check for debts
and let's say the altagracia that inside is
a mass changes here in
that's how they fit so well now they grab
what the people are going to put it
in front of here like this
here inside and they have to square seams
with plated seams here acostadito
so, let's go
when
sewing with posture to be able to catch and
to
well and here they will remember to leave
open to be able the day
and you up to now we are going to know
everything we call the mouth of the sea
that's why straight sewing starts
more here nothing is to extend what you
there must be enough
very well everything is ready we removed all
the pins and we're going to flip
finalize the bag
well he was given more than in class a6
If you want to learn how to make many
we have the wonderful courses the days
Friday are not going to lose bring all
the material and helped them do
absolutely everything for the guide and the
they manufacture with me they taught me everything
everything that has to do with the
making these good
for this comfortable side very nice this
client for this other side and this
because it 's the lining here
and it would be ready at the top
of the bag of course you have to
planting it had to accommodate it and this one
makes a blip and takes advantage of
that rebound in this culture that
students to make the opening by
where you turned it of course
highlight the other that is better
that this one who is here and is already
ironing come here already has the sewing
already done has absolutely everything
ready and everything finished well report to
me that they have the manual that I 'm going to
put to not forget to show for
The details for decoration know
that some glitters here I have them that are
those who are here are going to make us a
go down all around or they will walk
so for people like me that do it
with any doubt that they have out there
circle fought for a small flower
pretty here and now havana
closed as once
and 12
very well once we did that I'm going to
go to my button box I have
spectacular here
I have about 2000 I do not know how many I have
because he knows he is collecting all kinds
of buttons and I will look with you
I take advantage to look for these letters that
they are spectacular
we also have the eyes of the cubes
for when they make the fileteros and go
to see if I find until it
determine the program the button to put
there good look at this sign of our
I think more believes where we have country
your two little ones and have others who are
of the great
you want to know that shows
this is that these great ones that
can place and finally what
We are looking for those who are here that
are the ones that I will put to the portfolio
if they need to google
any of these pieces communicate
with me because my dear teacher and
friend of the soul he sued me until come
here they have this we are going to open it but
I will use and we will understand all
we like them a lot after putting the green
here and I'm going to put the red ok if you want
you can put 2 of the same good color
are you more or less going to decide what
they want here you are going to make a
seams together that stimulates that is
they may also be glued not
there is a problem you do what you want and
what you like so good and
we are ready with this course for children
that was spectacular that is very easy
and that is part of the being that they grow from
here that I'm doing parties for
think and that all the employers the
lived in another part of the world that does not
go on the floor you have it on facebook
from the workshop of dreaming with a lot of affection
not being able to breathe and what you want to be a
chicken material has the manual 414
nor in our step of how to put together
my name is frank and I am
immensely happy to share with
you, this program, I love you very much and
I see them in another opportunity
to